Validate action needs to support validation of keyless signed images & extra params (#4)
enterprise-contract/action-validate-image: README.md

# Action Validate Image

"Validate" is a robust GitHub Action developed by Enterprise Contract, designed to assess container images for security and compliance. This action has two authentication methods: Long-Lived Public-Key Authentication and Keyless Authentication made possible by Enterprise Contract.
## Keyless Authentication: The Strongest Approach

> Keyless Authentication represts the highest level of Sigstore sophistication. Verification revolves around the signer's identity, It's made possible by  two essential parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keyless Authentication represents the highest level of Sigstore sophistication. Verification is based on the signer's identity, It's made possible by two essential parts:
```

- **Certificate Identity:** This identifier is crucial for verifying the image-associated certificate.
- **Certificate OIDC Issuer:** The OIDC issuer serves a vital role in validating the identity.

Keyless Authentication significantly enhances security, ensuring image authenticity. The verification process hinges on the signer's identity, providing an innovative solution for robust container image authentication.

## Long-Lived Public-Key Authentication

The Long-Lived Public-Key Authentication method involves a comprehensive three-stage validation process:

> 1. **Signature Verification:** The action meticulously checks image signatures and validates them using designated public keys.

Reviewer: "meticulous" is a good word, but I don't think it sounds right here. Perhaps this:

```suggestion
1. **Signature Verification:** The action cryptographically verifies image signatures using the provided public key.
```

| Public Key    | The public key for verifying signatures.                                                | `your_public_key_goes_here`                 |
| Policy        | The location of the policy.yaml config file to be used when running Enterprise Contract. A list of standard configs can be found at [here](https://github.com/enterprise-contract/config).  | `github.com/enterprise-contract/config//slsa3` |
| Image         | Image that is built.                                                                            | `quay.io/redhat-appstudio/ec-golden-image:latest` |

### Using Identity-Based Short-Lived (Keyless) Authentication

This authentication approach is the most robust, as Sigstore authentication is based on the signer's identity rather than a key. The following variables are needed:

| Name          | Description                                                                                      | Example                                     |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|

> | Identity      | Identity to verify the certificate linked to the image.                                          | `https:\/\/github\.com\/(slsa-framework\/slsa-github-generator\|lcarva\/festoji)\/`                 |

Reviewer: The example value is a regex - I think the description needs to mention that. Question: Is it always treated as a regex? Is an exact match with a plain string possible?

Author: We could add support for '--certificate-identity' if we wanted to.

Reviewer: A simple change that could work:

```suggestion
| Identity      | A regexp string used to match the certificate identity linked to the image.                                          | `https:\/\/github\.com\/(slsa-framework\/slsa-github-generator\|lcarva\/festoji)\/`                 |
```

| Issuer        | OIDC issuer for validation purposes.                                                             | `https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com` |

> | Image         | Image to be built.                                                                               | `quay.io/lucarval/festoji:latest` |

Reviewer: Is this more accurate?

```suggestion
| Image         | Image to be verified.                                                                               | `quay.io/lucarval/festoji:latest` |
```

Ensure to pick the right method for your needs and set up the variables accordingly.

### Optional (extra-params)

> The Enterprise Contract provides a variety of additional options that can seamlessly integrate into this action-validate-image. These extra-params are outlined in the official documentation, which can be found [here](https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-cli/main/ec_validate_image.html#_options). You have the freedom to incorporate as many as you need. Just simply add `extra-params` into your worflow 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Enterprise Contract provides a variety of additional options that can seamlessly integrate into this action-validate-image. These extra-params are outlined in the official documentation, which can be found [here](https://enterprisecontract.dev/docs/ec-cli/main/ec_validate_image.html#_options). You have the freedom to incorporate as many as you need. Just simply add `extra-params` into your worflow.
```
